What does a guy and what KMAX an hour video we need to add some stuff here and add some stuff here.
But basically what we want to do we want to add one more a column into here and we want to divide this
whole section into more further.
So how we're going to do this.
But the thing that we have to do is that instead of this we have to add a new special section which
is this OK and this would be like this so we have to select the first one.
OK.
You can see this right here.
We have a new row we have insert trolls so we can choose it like this that we want to add the real right
here so you can see how this is.
This is like this we have two columns for a here and then we want to add anything we can add.
It's like this.
OK let me show you everything from scratch.
OK.
Let's get to here.
We want to add two more columns right here.
So how we will do this.
OK.
We have to add a special section.
And this is the section that here would be the contact form here would be to find a stamp.
And then here would be our details that our office time our e-mail address our phone number our facts
and our address in something like that.
OK.
So we basically need to add the specialty section instead of this.
And just going to click here and you can see this is right here.
So my first section is going to be a full width.
OK.
And this is how I'm going to work don't work on it.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to bring this whole column right here.
OK let's bring this.
Find us and let's get right here.
OK.
And let's try this divider you're right.
Let me come here.
Let me just select this.
OK.
And I want to bring this divider right here.
And I want to bring the text right here below.
OK.
Same like this.
I want to add one row here.
OK.
And inside that show I want to add text straight here.
And let's add that divider right here.
So now here if I just click here again you can see how this is looking.
I'm just going to delete this whole section so that it doesn't look much so it doesn't confuse you.
OK.
You can see that we have find us we have this.
And then here we want to add one more row right below.
OK so that we can work for that.
I'm just going to click here and you can see I need to call them real here.
I just wanted this but I can not edit the normal regular section.
OK.
So this might be so confusing to you right now.
Let me do this again so that you understand it.
OK.
We basically want to add some stuff here but we cannot do this with the regular one.
OK if I just add it then if I had to call them and I want to add one more column right below here I
cannot edit guys I can not add it.
Let me just switch on the grid mode so that it makes it easier for you to understand.
OK here we go.
Now you can see that I if I want to add one more in this regular whole section then I can not add it.
OK I can just add one more.
But I want to add two more rows here into this guy right here.
How will I get it.
I need to add the special rule.
Let me just come here and let me add this.
And you can see that in the special roll we have this that here would be our contact form here would
be our find us heading in everything.
And then here would be some icons that show our e-mail address fax and some stuff said this is how we
want to design it.
OK.
So that is why I added this special section and the first one is the normal one in the other one is
the second one.
So this is how you can see that here would be my final step here would be my contact form and here would
be some of my links so I hope that this would be very easier for you to understand.
Now let me do this so that you can understand it.
Let's come here and we basically want to just let me just remove this.
OK.
And you can see that I want to just come up with this right here so that we can add some self.
I want to come here I want to just add some blurbed right here.
So let's just click here and I can see this Plouff should be right here so I'm going to add here what
I'm going to add.
This is going to be phone number phone.
OK.
And I want to go to concentrate here and here should be the phone.
Or let's just remove this phone and only add the phone number.
So I'm going to add plus 9 to 3 7 0 3 5 2 9 7.
OK.
And I want to add the image icon.
So my email icon is going to be this and I want to add a phone right here.
OK.
Now what I want to do I want to go to the design right here and I want to go to the image an icon in
my eye kindred replacement should be left so you can see how this is looking.
I want to come here and I want to change the color of this to match this guy right here.
OK.
This is looking totally cool.
What I'm going to do right now I just want to duplicate it to placate it to be located duplicated triplicated.
So you can see three right here.
I want to bring in tray here.
I want to bring a tray here.
Bring it right here OK and bring it right here.
OK.
So you can see how this is.
We have our phone numbers right here.
And then I wanted to add to call them tray here so now I think it would be so easier for you to understand
that what I am talking about.
I cannot edit this single row.
I cannot divide this row into more further.
This is what I'm talking about.
So we have to add the speciality row that we can add.
OK so let me just come here and let me to lead these sections because we don't need it any more.
OK I want to come here.
I want to change discovery here and this is going to be effects.
So for facts I want to go to image and icon I choose a different icon for facts.
So
OK and I want to come here and this is going to be
so here I want to read the e-mail.
So for e-mail it would be like this.
OK.
And on and on.
I have to choose the printer module for this.
So I'm going to go above re here and let's see where is the printer.
So this is used for a fax.
OK let's use the control-C.
OK.
I want to go down go down.
Here it is.
So this is for the fax.
OK let's come here.
Let's click this guy right here and let's choose for that.
So here for a one to add the mail.
So this is the real worry here.
I want to come here to the text right here.
And this text is going to be info at the site domain dot com or info and complete W.P. course dot com.
Ok cool.
What I want to do I want to just skim here and let's click here let's just come here and edit this.
So here I want to work with the icon right here again and this icon is going to be the office icon.
The Office address so I think this one OK.
I'm going to add the address here so the address is going to be
next or events.
OK.
And then see
pre's
superstar
P.K. seven for five years.
OK.
So I'm like this I want to work with this guy right here.
I want to just come here.
Let's double click here.
Let's just check it.
Let's come here and let's click here.
OK.
Let's hit him here and let's remove this break here.
This is an extra one.
So looks like this guy right here.
So that it opens up.
OK.
And I want to add here or something and that will be the timing R's.
So my timing ours are from a 50 a to five pm.
OK.
I want to change the image an icon to good down till we find the cluck cluck icon.
So it should be rigged here.
It should be here.
Yes.
Here it is.
OK.
And now here would be the location for the P.O. Box.
So you can add anything else if you want to or you can just delete it if you don't want to add anything
extra or if you don't want to add the facts you can keep it to.
But I wanted to add something so I'll be adding a location here.
That would be the P O Box.
So I'm going to go up go up and
here it is I'm going to come here to the text Ray here and it's just going to BPO.
P.O. Box number 1 2 3 4
Deshong
OK.
Hurry up.
You can see that we're totally done with this as well.
OK.
This is looking really amazing.
You guys have to focus on this make sure that you keep your focus on the icons the color use AIDS and
everything and you guys trust me that your website will be the best.
OK.
So you can see everything looks cool here.
I need a contact from Ray below here so that I can manage that as well.
And then I need to add the map here which we will be doing that in the next video so stadium guys and.